README.md, before:

# awesome-lwc

A list of interesting on platform Lightning Web Components resources and code examples

"On platform" means resources specific to the SFDC platform, and not necessarily [LWC Open Source](https://lwc.dev/).

Feel free to Fork, PR, and contribute to this list.

Join the [SFXD Discord Community](https://discordapp.com/invite/JG4Bc4q)!

---

# Community Repos

- [Timeline LWC](https://github.com/deejay-hub/timeline-lwc)

  An interactive timeline for the Salesforce platform. https://medium.com/@dave_norris

- [lwc-utils](https://github.com/tsalb/lwc-utils)

  A set of utilities and patterns for Flexipage SPAs.

- [lightning-chatter-messenger](https://github.com/shunkosa/lightning-chatter-messenger)

  Utility item to support real time private chatter conversations.

- [Salesforce-Custom-Path-Assistant-LWC](https://github.com/maaaaarco/Salesforce-Custom-Path-Assistant-LWC)

- [User Interactions with Platform Events and LWC](https://github.com/lucianostraga/userInteractions-platformEvents-lwc)

- [LWC Lookup Datatable](https://github.com/SFXD/LWC-Lookup-Datatable)

- [LWC Lookup](https://github.com/jlyon87/lwc-lookup)

  A SObject Generic Lookup field with LWC

- [lwc-metadata-picker](https://github.com/jlyon87/lwc-metadata-picker)

  Filter and search Custom Metadata with LWC https://jlyon87.github.io/#/

- [dynamicFieldsLWC](https://github.com/seanpat09/dynamicFieldsLWC)
  A dynamic multi-line input table using LWC

- [one-pub-sub-lwc](https://github.com/TheVishnuKumar/one-pub-sub-lwc)

  A Declarative PubSub Library for Lightning Web Component and Aura Component

- [LWC Signature Pad](https://github.com/samkhan27/lwc-signature-pad)

---

# Locker Safe JS Resources

Goal of this section is to highlight Locker Safe resources that can enhance your LWC.

As the Locker Service adjusts, I'll revisit this section to add resources that might become available.

- [Moment JS](https://momentjs.com/)

- [Chart JS](https://www.chartjs.org/) JS Charing Libray

- [D3](https://d3js.org/), a data visualization library.

  - [C3](https://c3js.org/), a charting library dependent on D3

- [ParaParse](https://github.com/mholt/PapaParse), a CSV parser, handles sloppy input and big files. (Use this)

- [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/)

- [Chroma.js](https://github.com/gka/chroma.js/)

- [Signature Pad](https://github.com/szimek/signature_pad)

---

# Official Examples

- [Salesforce Sample Gallery](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/sample-gallery)
- [LWC Recipes](https://github.com/trailheadapps/lwc-recipes)
- [On Platform Base Components](https://github.com/salesforce/base-components-recipes)

---

# Interesting Posts and Blogs

- [Debugging LWC Tests in VS Code](https://www.mattgoldspink.co.uk/debugging-lwc-tests-vs-code/)

---

# Want to learn LWC?

- [LWC Trailhead Trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components)
- [Component Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/overview/components)
- [Developer Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/lwc)

---

# New to Javascript?

- [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Scrimba ES6 Course by Dylan Israel](https://scrimba.com/g/gintrotoes6)

---

# Need help setting up VS Code for Salesforce Development?

- [Official Salesforce Extension Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/) (Note the JDK alternatives)

Commit message:

Added Play-by-play courses

README.md, after:

# awesome-lwc

A list of interesting on platform Lightning Web Components resources and code examples

"On platform" means resources specific to the SFDC platform, and not necessarily [LWC Open Source](https://lwc.dev/).

Feel free to Fork, PR, and contribute to this list.

Join the [SFXD Discord Community](https://discordapp.com/invite/JG4Bc4q)!

---

# Community Repos

- [Timeline LWC](https://github.com/deejay-hub/timeline-lwc)

  An interactive timeline for the Salesforce platform. https://medium.com/@dave_norris

- [lwc-utils](https://github.com/tsalb/lwc-utils)

  A set of utilities and patterns for Flexipage SPAs.

- [lightning-chatter-messenger](https://github.com/shunkosa/lightning-chatter-messenger)

  Utility item to support real time private chatter conversations.

- [Salesforce-Custom-Path-Assistant-LWC](https://github.com/maaaaarco/Salesforce-Custom-Path-Assistant-LWC)

- [User Interactions with Platform Events and LWC](https://github.com/lucianostraga/userInteractions-platformEvents-lwc)

- [LWC Lookup Datatable](https://github.com/SFXD/LWC-Lookup-Datatable)

- [LWC Lookup](https://github.com/jlyon87/lwc-lookup)

  A SObject Generic Lookup field with LWC

- [lwc-metadata-picker](https://github.com/jlyon87/lwc-metadata-picker)

  Filter and search Custom Metadata with LWC https://jlyon87.github.io/#/

- [dynamicFieldsLWC](https://github.com/seanpat09/dynamicFieldsLWC)
  A dynamic multi-line input table using LWC

- [one-pub-sub-lwc](https://github.com/TheVishnuKumar/one-pub-sub-lwc)

  A Declarative PubSub Library for Lightning Web Component and Aura Component

- [LWC Signature Pad](https://github.com/samkhan27/lwc-signature-pad)

---

# Locker Safe JS Resources

Goal of this section is to highlight Locker Safe resources that can enhance your LWC.

As the Locker Service adjusts, I'll revisit this section to add resources that might become available.

- [Moment JS](https://momentjs.com/)

- [Chart JS](https://www.chartjs.org/) JS Charing Libray

- [D3](https://d3js.org/), a data visualization library.

  - [C3](https://c3js.org/), a charting library dependent on D3

- [ParaParse](https://github.com/mholt/PapaParse), a CSV parser, handles sloppy input and big files. (Use this)

- [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/)

- [Chroma.js](https://github.com/gka/chroma.js/)

- [Signature Pad](https://github.com/szimek/signature_pad)

---

# Official Examples

- [Salesforce Sample Gallery](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/sample-gallery)
- [LWC Recipes](https://github.com/trailheadapps/lwc-recipes)
- [On Platform Base Components](https://github.com/salesforce/base-components-recipes)

---

# Interesting Posts and Blogs

- [Debugging LWC Tests in VS Code](https://www.mattgoldspink.co.uk/debugging-lwc-tests-vs-code/)

---

# Want to learn LWC?

- [LWC Trailhead Trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components)
- [Component Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/overview/components)
- [Developer Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/lwc)
- [Play by Play Video: Understanding Lightning Web Components for Salesforce Developers](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/play-by-play-understanding-lightning-web-components-salesforce-developers)
- [Play by Play Video: Understanding Lightning Web Components for Salesforce Developers](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/play-by-play-understanding-lightning-web-components-non-salesforce-developers)

---

# New to Javascript?

- [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Scrimba ES6 Course by Dylan Israel](https://scrimba.com/g/gintrotoes6)

---

# Need help setting up VS Code for Salesforce Development?

- [Official Salesforce Extension Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/) (Note the JDK alternatives)
